1. Expression : A piece of code that produces a value.
  Statement : An entire line of code.
  iq=100
  user_age= iq/100
  here, iq/100 is an expression and line 4 is statement.

2. A string is a piece of text.

3. Strings are immutable.That means we cannot reassign part of a string.
  We have to reassign the whole string all together.

4. Built-in Function/ Built-in Methods
   function.method
   a method is owned by a data type/structure and comes after a dot '.'
   eg: str.lower()

5. We should know when to convert one data type to another.
   eg: string to an integer.

6. A list(Array) is a type of data structure which gives an ordered sequence of items.
   A data structure is a way to organise information(data) into a memory bookshelf.
   lists are mutable.

7. A keyword is something that has a meaning in actual english as well as in python.

8. None: It is a special data type in python(Null in other language).
   It represents the absence of values.

9. A dictionary is an unordered key-value pair.Here unordered means that all the key-value pairs are not stored next to each other in memory.
   In case of list the index are stored right next to each other in memory.

10. A tuple is a type of data structures which is immutable. An immutable list.

11. A set is an unordered data structure of unique items.In set every item should be unique otherwise it will return item only once.

12. The spacing after every conditional logic before printing is called INDENTATION.
    That little space can change the outcome of our program so always use indentation carefully.

13. Truthy and Falsy are data types/ structures which are considered to be true or false by python.
    eg: empty string, set, dictionary, list, tuple and 0 and None are Falsy.

14. Each alphabet and symbol has its own ASCII value(number).
    eg: A-Z : 65-90
        a-z : 97-122 (hence a>A)      in symbol--> @=64

     print(ord("a")) ---To get ASCII value of any symbol.

15. '==' checks for the equality in value of two thing.
    'is' checks if the location in memory of the two things are same or not.

16. A loop allows us to run a piece of code(iterable) over and over.
    An iterable is a data type/structure which get repeated again and again in a loop.

17. The enumerate function takes an iterable objects and iterate it with it's index.

18. Use help(function) to know what the function does and can be used for.

19. Scope: What variables do you have access to.

20. Everything in python is an object like all the data types, in which we can use
    methods.But OOP allows us to do more than that, we can create our own Objects.
    In OOP, there is class and objects.A class is the blueprint of what we want to
    create. In a class we instantiate(calling the class to  create) a new instance(a new object).

21. 4 Pillars of OOP:

    i) Encapsulation: It is the binding of data and function that manipulate that data into one blueprint.

    ii) Abstraction: Hiding of (or abstracting away) information and giving access to only what's necessary.
        Ex: print(len(1, 2, 3, 4)) --> we will get 4 but we don't need to know how the len function works.
            len is Abstracted away from us.

    iii) Inheritance: Allows new objects to take on the property of existing object.

    iv) Polymorphism: poly means many, morphism means form so many form.

22. Object Introspection: It is the ability to determine the type of object at runtime(when the code is running).
        Syntax: print(dir("hello")) --> this will show all the methods that "hello" can use.

23. Functional Programming: It operates on a well-defined data structures like list and dictionary,
    instead of an object. Here data and function are not going to combine in an object like OOP, there is a
    separation between data and function.

24. The only Pillar of Functional Programming is:
    Pure Function: A function can be called 'pure' if it follows these 2 rules:
      a) Given the same input, it will always return the same output.
      b) It should not produce any side effect. Side effect means when function
         interact with outside world(what is outside of it).

25. Decorators: Decorators supercharge our functions and are called by "@" following it's name.
    supercharge means that it add extra features to our functions.

26. Generator: It is a functions which allow you to declare a function that behaves like an iterator,
    i.e. it can be used in a for loop  Ex: range()

27. "".join() can be used to convert string from a list and vice versa can be done by .split() or list().

28. For writing a very long code in a project, we need to organize our thing and we do it by making
    multiple .py file which can be interconnected and each .py file is known as module in python.

29. Sometime in list/set/dictionary comprehension you have to use conditional statements(if, else)
     before applying loop(for loop).

30. You can use modulus(%) in many ways while solving a challenge, so look for it if you can.

31. In the root of a package(shopping) we will always have __init__.py file.

32. You can always import packages from this site: https://pypi.org/  to your project.
    here millions of developer have put their project and we can use it in our project as packages.
    pypi stands for Python Package Index.
    A good practice is to check whether we can make our project directly from python built-in
    modules(use google to find built in modules as well), if not then only go to pypi.
    DO NOT COPY THEIR WHOLE PROJECT INTO YOUR OWN, USE IT TO BUILT SOMETHING NEW.

33. Virtual Environments :
    The 'venv' folder stands for Virtual Environment for a particular project,
    we can install packages of particular versions in the venv folder that will work
    for that particular project only.
    Different versions of a package are needed for different projects hence install packages
    in venv library and not standard python library.

34. From python 3.7, the dictionary are 'ordered' kv pair, for previous version it was 'unordered'.

35. Raw strings in python:raw strings are raw string literals that treat backslash (\) as a literal character.
    ex: it(r"") treats /n as /n and not new line.

36. PEP 8 is the standard style guide for python, it tells us how to write our code
    in a clean format.

37. Web Scraping: It simply means programmatically using Python or any language to grab data from
    a Website(ctrl+U: for source code of a website) and cleaning it up to use that data for ourselves.
    write '/robots.txt' after any url to see what type of data the website allow or disallow us(* means any user)
    to scrap. We can use any data but no one wants their data stolen so ethically we shouldn't touch the disallow data.
    Remember: Use web scraping if there is no official API from the Website, otherwise go with the API.

38. Googlebot: It uses web scraping to put all the website data in Google data base from which a user
    can google anything and find what he needed from these websites.

39. Framework Vs. Library(package):
    The key difference between a library and a framework is "Inversion of Control".
    With a framework, the control is inverted: the framework CALLS you. A library is
    just a collection of class definitions which we CALL in our script.

40. MIME Types:
    A media type (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions or MIME type) is a standard
    that indicates the nature and format of a document, file, or assortment of bytes.
    Basically, it tells the browser what type of file the server is sending and according
    to that the browser read that file.

41. A.I. and M.L.:
    A.I. or artificial intelligence which simply means a human intelligence exhibited by machines.
    An A.I. is while a machine that acts like a human and currently in our industry we have something
    called Narrow A.I. that is machines can be just as good or even better than humans at a specific task.
    For example, detecting heart disease from images or in video games.
    But narrow A.I. that we have currently simply means those machines can only do one thing really well
    they can't be like humans and have multiple abilities.
    That's called General A.I and that's something we are far away from.

    Machine learning is a subset of A.I. and machine learning is an approach to try and achieve artificial
    intelligence through systems that can find patterns in a set of data. In ML the Machine write the function(Model)
    we just need to give the input and output.

    Deep Learning is a subset of ML and it's one of the technique for implementing ML.

42. Steps in Machine Learning:
    #1 - Import the data
    #2 - Clean the data
    #3 - Split the data into Training Set(to get the function) and Test Set(to test the function)
    #4 - Create a Model
    #5 - Check the Model
    #6 - Improve the Model

43. Some Important Tools for Machine Learning:
    1. NumPy (for multi-dimensional list and arrays)
    2. pandas (for tabular data)
    3. scikit-learn (to create the model)
    4. Matplotlib, seaborn, bokeh (2d plotting of data-make graph)
    5. Kaggle (community for ML)
    6. Jupyter Notebook (allow us to run certain part of the code)
